Rework ct postman collection readme (#17)
commercetools/commercetools-postman-collection: README.md

# commercetools Postman collections

> Postman is an API platform that helps you use REST APIs without any development effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman provides a REST client that helps you executing API requests without any development effort.
```

> The API requests are managed within a **collection** that you can import into Postman.

Reviewer 2: My suggestion:

Postman is an API platform that helps you use REST APIs without any development effort.
API requests can be organized into **collections** that you can import into Postman.

Author: sounds better 👍

> Theoretically, you can run the whole commerce journey from creating customers and products to creating orders where these customers purchase the products.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we want to upper-case the commercetools terms here.. or did you just mean a generic commerce journey?

Key benefits of using Postman collections of commercetools APIs:

> - Works with minimum technical knowledge with no coding required,

Reviewer 2: If it's bullet points, shall we delete the commas and period?

- Can be used as soon as you have created a commercetools project,
- The API endpoints can be explored to achieve a holistic view of how the commercetools Platform and other services operate.

This repository contains Postman collections including requests, responses as well as most commercetools endpoints and commands.

> For each command, the smallest possible payload is given. Optional fields can be found in the related [official documentation](http://docs.commercetools.com/).

Reviewer 2: Perhaps request instead of command?

Author: Changed it to: 
This repository contains Postman collections including requests and responses for most commercetools endpoints.
For each request, the smallest possible payload is given.

Seemed a bit redundant with commands and requests.

Additionally, the collections provide example requests and responses for specific tasks and more complex data models.

## Disclaimer

This is not the official commercetools documentation.
To learn more about commercetools APIs and to find the complete and approved documentation, visit [docs.commercetools.com](http://docs.commercetools.com/).

## Available Postman collections

The following Postman collections are available:

- [Platform API](api/)
- [Import](import/)
- [Machine Learning](ml/)

> **:warning: Note:**
>

> > - Be aware that postman automatically synchronizes environment variables (including your API client credentials) to your workspace if logged in.

Reviewer 2: Postman should be capitalized
